[ECAT] ENGINEERING COLLEGE APTITUDE TEST addmjeecoaching.blogspot.com 51. Half out of their house were destroyed. (a) Half of their house were destroyed. (b) Half of they're hose were destroyed. (c) Half of their house are destroyed. (d) Half og their house was destroyed. 52. Only after the statistics were checked was the report filed. (a) The statistics were checked and the report was filed. (b) The statistics and the report were checked and filed. (c) The statistics were and checked and the report filed. (d) The statistics and the report were checked and filed respectively. 53., Walking swiftly through the touwn, a straight course must be kept. (a) Walking swiftly rhough the town, a straight course was kept by the man. (b) Walking swiftly throught the town, the straight course wa kept by the man. (c) Waling swiftly throught the town, the man keep a straight course. (d) Walking swiftly through the town, the man kept a straight course. 54. Betty is buxom, blue eyes as well as pleasant manner. (a) Beey is buxom, with blue eyes, and gis pleasant. (b) Betty is buxom, with eyes of blue and pleasant manners. (c) Betty is buxom, blue-eyed and pleasant. (d) Betty is buxom, blue eyes as well as pleasant. 55. If I would have gone to the store for my mother, I would have bought pizza rolls for my lunch. (a) If I had went to the store for my, nether, I would have bought pizza rolls for my lunch. (b) If I had gone to the store for my mother, I would have bought pizza rolls for my lunch. (c) If I would have went to the store for my mother, I would have bought pizza rolls for my lunch. (d) If I had go to the store for my mother, I would have bought pizza rolls for my lunch. 56. If I had been at home, the robbers could not enter. (a) If I would have been at home, the robbers could not have entered. (b) If I would be at home, the robbers could not have entered. (c) If I have been at home, at robbers could not have entered. (d) If I had been at home, the robbers could not have entered. English - Sentence Correction Page 112